Slide 6:
Vortragender Wechselt:
In many Boolean functions the error can be interpreted with the help of the Hamming distance. 

This was also possible for the one-bit addition presented on the previous slide. 

But when we calculate the addition of two multibit numbers the output must also be interpreted as number. So the Hamming distance is no of interest. 


Slide 7:
So the Hamming distance is no of interest. 

The error between the exact solution and the approximated solution is the difference. To analyze it we must subtract the two numbers.

As the system grows the complexity grows exponentially with the numbers of inputs.
So a truth table analysis is not recommended anymore.

As solution to this we use a Binary Decision Diagram or short BDD. 


Slide 8:
As solution to this we use a Binary Decision Diagram or short BDD. A BDD is an graph to represent the Boolean function.

It consists of nodes, each representing one input Bit, and edges. 
An edge represents the value of the input.
The final nodes at the bottom represents the output of the function.


As demonstration we want to present this small example.
We start with X[0]. There are two edges, one for when x[0] = 0 and for x[0] = 1. The edges go to the next Input x[1]. 
If both x[0] and x[1] are 0 then the solution is 0, so the edge goes directly to the 0. 


Slide 9:
If both x[0] and x[1] are 0 then the solution is 0, so the edge goes directly to the 0. 

The other path to reach the 0 is with 0, 1, 0.



This reduction of possible paths lead to a much smaller representation then a truth table. 

It is possible to compute and analyze BDD automatically. This includes checking for satisfiability, tautologies, and value inserting.
The complexity only grows either linear or quadratic with the number of inputs for these operations. (Exact numbers in “An Introduction to BDDs” by Henrik Reif Andersen).

With this technique, the analyzes can be done in an efficient way.



Slide 1 and 11:
"Current Status" and "Future Plan"
Depending on the time. Either just reading the slides or adding a some empty phrases to use more time.